Reworked installation instructions (#1949)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/installation.rst

Installation
============

Depending on your use case, different installation options are recommended:
if you just want to play around with Manim for a bit, interactive in-browser

> worksheets are a really simple way of exploring the library as they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
notebooks are a really simple way of exploring the library as they
```

> require virtually no additional installation. Head over to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
require no local installation. Head over to
```

https://try.manim.community to give our interactive tutorial a try.

Otherwise, if you intend to use Manim to work on an animation project,
we recommend installing the library locally (either to your system's
Python, or via Docker).

#. :ref:`Installing Manim to your system's Python <local-installation>`
#. :ref:`Using Manim via Docker <docker-installation>`
#. :ref:`Interactive Jupyter notebooks via Binder / Google Colab 
   <interactive-online>`

.. warning:: 

   Note that there are several different versions of Manim. The
   instructions on this website are **only** for the *community edition*.
   Find out more about the :doc:`differences between Manim

>    versions <installation/versions>` in case you are unsure which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   versions <installation/versions>` if you are unsure which
```

   version you should install.

.. _local-installation:

Installing Manim locally
************************

Manim is a Python library, and it can be
`installed via pip <https://pypi.org/project/manim/>`__. However,

> in order to enable all features of Manim, some additional system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order for Manim to work properly, some additional system
```

.. hint::

   Depending on your particular setup, the installation process
   might be slightly different. Make sure that you have tried to
   follow the steps on the following pages carefully, but in case
   you hit a wall we are happy to help: either `join our Discord
   <https://www.manim.community/discord/>`__, or start a new
   Discussion `directly on GitHub 
   <https://github.com/ManimCommunity/manim/discussions>`__.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   installation/windows
   installation/macos
   installation/linux
   installation/troubleshooting

Once Manim is installed locally, you can proceed to our
:doc:`quickstart guide <tutorials/quickstart>` which walks you
through rendering a first simple scene.

As mentioned above, do not worry if there are errors or other
problems: consult our :doc:`troubleshooting 
guide <installation/troubleshooting>` for help, or get in touch
with the community via `GitHub discussions 
<https://github.com/ManimCommunity/manim/discussions>`__ or 
`Discord <https://www.manim.community/discord/>`__.
   

.. _docker-installation:

Using Manim via Docker
**********************

`Docker <https://www.docker.com>`__ is a virtualization tool that

> allows to distribute encapsulated software environments (containers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows the distribution of encapsulated software environments (containers).
```
